"Albert Camus"	"“There is but one truly serious philosophical problem, and that is suicide”"
Anaxagoras	"“In everything, there is a share of everything”"
Aristotle	"“Happiness is the highest good”"
Aristotle	"“Happiness lies in virtuous activity, and perfect happiness lies in the best activity, which is contemplative”"
Aristotle	"“He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god”"
Aristotle	"“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit”"
"Baruch Spinoza"	"“If men were born free, they would, so long as they remained free, form no conception of good and evil”"
"Bertrand Russell"	"“It is undesirable to believe a proposition when there is no ground whatever for supposing it true”"
"Bertrand Russell"	"“I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong”"
"Bertrand Russell"	"“Science is what you know. Philosophy is what you don't know”"
"Bertrand Russell"	"“This is patently absurd; but whoever wishes to become a philosopher must learn not to be frightened by absurdities”"
"Bishop George Berkeley"	"“To be is to be perceived” (“Esse est percipi”)"
Cioran	"Chaos is rejecting all you have learned. Chaos is being yourself."
Cioran	"Every thought derives from a thwarted sensation."
Cioran	"It is not worth the bother of killing yourself, since you always kill yourself too late."
Confucius	"Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves."
Confucius	"By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest."
Confucius	"Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life."
Confucius	"Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it."
Confucius	"Have no friends not equal to yourself."
Confucius	"I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand."
Confucius	"It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop."
Confucius	"I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being."
Confucius	"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall."
Confucius	"Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart."
Democritus	"“The brave man is he who overcomes not only his enemies but his pleasures”"
"Denis Diderot"	"“Man will never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest”"
Derrida	"If this work seems so threatening, this is because it isn't simply eccentric or strange, but competent, rigorously argued, and carrying conviction."
Derrida	"I wrote some bad poetry that I published in North African journals, but even as I withdrew into this reading, I also led the life of a kind of young hooligan."
Derrida	"To pretend, I actually do the thing: I have therefore only pretended to pretend."
Epictetus	"“Freedom is secured not by the fulfilling of one's desires, but by the removal of desire”"
Epicurus	"“The greater the difficulty, the more glory in surmounting it”"
Feyerabend	"The best education consists in immunizing people against systematic attempts at education.” ..."
Feyerabend	"“Without a constant misuse of language there cannot be any discovery, any progress”"
"Francis Bacon"	"“Things alter for the worse spontaneously, if they be not altered for the better designedly”"
"Friedrich Nietzsche"	"“God is dead! He remains dead! And we have killed him.”"
"Friedrich Nietzsche"	"“Is man merely a mistake of God's? Or God merely a mistake of man's?”"
"Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz"	"“We live in the best of all possible worlds”"
"G. W. F. Hegel"	"“Only one man ever understood me, and he didn’t understand me”"
"G. W. F. Hegel"	"“Whatever is reasonable is true, and whatever is true is reasonable”"
"G. W. F. Hegel"	"“What is rational is actual and what is actual is rational”"
"Hannah Arendt"	"Dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. Give yourself peace of mind. You deserve to be happy. You deserve delight."
"Hannah Arendt"	"Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom."
"Hannah Arendt"	"Only crime and the criminal, it is true, confront us with the perplexity of radical evil; but only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core."
"Hannah Arendt"	"Only the mob and the elite can be attracted by the momentum of totalitarianism itself. The masses have to be won by propaganda."
"Hannah Arendt"	"Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible."
"Hannah Arendt"	"Storytelling reveals meaning without committing the error of defining it."
"Hannah Arendt"	"The most radical revolutionary will become a conservative the day after the revolution."
"Hannah Arendt"	"There are no dangerous thoughts; thinking itself is dangerous."
"Hannah Arendt"	"The sad truth is that most evil is done by people who never make up their minds to be good or evil."
"Hannah Arendt"	"This is the precept by which I have lived: Prepare for the worst; expect the best; and take what comes."
Heraclitus	"“One cannot step twice in the same river”"
"Immanuel Kant"	"“Happiness is not an ideal of reason but of imagination”"
"Immanuel Kant"	"“Metaphysics is a dark ocean without shores or lighthouse, strewn with many a philosophic wreck”"
"Immanuel Kant"	"“Morality is not the doctrine of how we may make ourselves happy, but of how we may make ourselves worthy of happiness”"
"Jean-Jacques Rousseau"	"“Man is born free, but is everywhere in chains”"
"Jean-Paul Sartre"	"“Everything that exists is born for no reason, carries on living through weakness, and dies by accident”"
"Jean-Paul Sartre"	"“Man is condemned to be free”"
"Jeremy Bentham"	"“The greatest happiness of the greatest number is the foundation of morals and legislation”"
"John Locke"	"“Good and evil, reward and punishment, are the only motives to a rational creature”"
"John Locke"	"“It is one thing to show a man that he is in error, and another to put him in possession of truth”"
"John Locke"	"“No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience”"
"John Locke"	"“The mind is furnished with ideas by experience alone”"
"John Locke"	"“The mind is furnished with ideas by experience alone”"
"John Stuart Mill"	"“Liberty consists in doing what one desires”"
"John Stuart Mill"	"“To do as one would be done by, and to love one's neighbour as oneself, constitute the ideal perfection of utilitarian morality”"
"Karl Marx"	"“Philosophers have hitherto only interpreted the world in various ways; the point, however, is to change it”"
"Karl Marx"	"“Religion is the sign of the oppressed ... it is the opium of the people”"
Krishnamurti	"All ideologies are idiotic, whether religious or political, for it is conceptual thinking, the conceptual word, which has so unfortunately divided man."
Krishnamurti	"I maintain that Truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect."
Krishnamurti	"It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society."
"Lao Tzu laozi laotzu"	"A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving."
"Lao Tzu laozi laotzu"	"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage."
"Lao Tzu laozi laotzu"	"Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step."
"Lao Tzu laozi laotzu"	"He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know."
"Lao Tzu laozi laotzu"	"He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened."
"Lao Tzu laozi laotzu"	"If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading."
"Lao Tzu laozi laotzu"	"Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power."
"Lao Tzu laozi laotzu"	"Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished."
"Lao Tzu laozi laotzu"	"To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders."
"Lao Tzu laozi laotzu"	"When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be."
"Ludwig Wittgenstein"	"“I don’t know why we are here, but I’m pretty sure it is not in order to enjoy ourselves”"
"Ludwig Wittgenstein"	"“Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language”"
"Ludwig Wittgenstein"	"“Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent”"
"Martin Heidegger"	"“He who thinks great thoughts, often makes great errors”"
"mistakenly attributed to Edmund Burke"	"“All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing”"
"Niccolo Machiavelli"	"“God is not willing to do everything, and thus take away our free will and that share of glory which belongs to us”"
Plato	"“That man is wisest who, like Socrates, realizes that his wisdom is worthless”"
Plato	"“You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation”"
Protagoras	"“Man is the measure of all things”"
"Rene Descartes"	"“One cannot conceive anything so strange and so implausible that it has not already been said by one philosopher or another”"
"René Descartes"	"“If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things”"
"René Descartes"	"“I think therefore I am” (“Cogito, ergo sum”)"
"Schopenhauer Schoepenhauer"	"All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident."
"Schopenhauer Schoepenhauer"	"A man can do what he wants, but not want what he wants."
"Schopenhauer Schoepenhauer"	"Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see."
"Seneca the Younger"	"“Even while they teach, men learn”"
"Seneca the Younger"	"“Virtue is nothing else than right reason”"
"Sir Francis Bacon"	"“A little philosophy inclineth man's mind to atheism; but depth in philosophy bringeth men’s minds about to religion”"
Socrates	"“The only thing I know is that I know nothing”"
Socrates	"“There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance”"
Socrates	"“The unexamined life is not worth living”"
"Soren Kierkegaard"	"“Life must be understood backward. But it must be lived forward ”"
"Soren Kierkegaard"	"“The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays”"
Spinoza	"“I can control my passions and emotions if I can understand their nature”"
"St. Augustine"	"“We are too weak to discover the truth by reason alone”"
"Sun Tzu suntzu"	"All warfare is based on deception."
"Sun Tzu suntzu"	"Know thy self, know thy enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories."
"Sun Tzu suntzu"	"Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win."
"Thomas Hobbes"	"“Leisure is the mother of philosophy”"
"Thomas Hobbes"	"“The life of man (in a state of nature) is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short”"
Thucydides	"“History is Philosophy teaching by examples”"
Voltaire	"“If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent Him”"
"Voltaire (in parody of Leibniz)"	"“All is for the best in the best of all possible worlds”"
"William James"	"“Philosophy is at once the most sublime and the most trivial of human pursuits”"
"William James"	"“There is only one thing a philosopher can be relied upon to do, and that is to contradict other philosophers”"
"William of Ockham"	"“Entities should not be multiplied unnecessarily”"
"W. K. Clifford"	"“It is wrong always, everywhere and for everyone, to believe anything upon insufficient evidence”"
"Baruch Spinoza"	"All things excellent are as difficult as they are rare."
"Baruch Spinoza"	"Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear."
"Baruch Spinoza"	"Men govern nothing with more difficulty than their tongues, and can moderate their desires more than their words."
"Baruch Spinoza"	"Peace is not an absence of war, it is a virtue, a state of mind, a disposition for benevolence, confidence, justice."
"Baruch Spinoza"	"The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free."
"Baruch Spinoza"	"Do not weep; do not wax indignant. Understand."
"Baruch Spinoza"	"There is no hope unmingled with fear, and no fear unmingled with hope."
"Baruch Spinoza"	"All happiness or unhappiness solely depends upon the quality of the object to which we are attached by love."
"Baruch Spinoza"	"I have striven not to laugh at human actions, not to weep at them, nor to hate them, but to understand them."
"Baruch Spinoza"	"I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand them."
Buddha	"The mind is everything. What you think you become."
Buddha	"All that we are is the result of what we have thought."
Buddha	"We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves."
Buddha	"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment."
Buddha	"You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection."
Buddha	"Neither fire nor wind, birth nor death can erase our good deeds."
Buddha	"Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared."
Buddha	"Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth."
Buddha	"Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned."
Buddha	"We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world."
"Sam Harris"	"I constantly conflate is-ought, and if the Middle East were glassed I'd be euphoric"
"Jordan Peterson"	"The cultural Marxists and post Modernists are hiding under my bed REEEEE "
"Deleuze Guattari"	"“Bring something incomprehensible into the world!” "
"Deleuze Guattari"	"“It is not the slumber of reason that engenders monsters, but vigilant and insomniac rationality.” "
"Deleuze Guattari"	"“The fundamental problem of political philosophy is still precisely the one that Spinoza saw so clearly (and that Wilhelm Reich rediscovered): Why do men fight for their servitude as stubbornly as though it were their salvation?” "
"Deleuze Guattari"	"“Shit on your whole mortifying, imaginary, and symbolic theater!” "
"Deleuze Guattari"	"“The self is only a threshold, a door, a becoming between two multiplicities”"
"Deleuze Guattari"	"“You never walk alone. Even the devil is the lord of flies.” "
"Albert Camus"	"In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer."
"Albert Camus"	"Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend."
"Albert Camus"	"The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion."
"Albert Camus"	"Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower."
"Albert Camus"	"Life is the sum of all your choices."
"Albert Camus"	"Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears."
"Albert Camus"	"Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better."
"Albert Camus"	"Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is."
"Albert Camus"	"You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life."
"Albert Camus"	"I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there isn't, than live my life as if there isn't and die to find out there is."
Plato	"Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something."
Plato	"Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything."
Plato	"Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle."
Plato	"Only the dead have seen the end of war."
Plato	"We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light."
Plato	"You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation."
Plato	"At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet."
Plato	"One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors."
Plato	"The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men."
Plato	"Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws."
"Simone de Beauvoir"	"One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman."
"Simone de Beauvoir"	"One is not born a genius, one becomes a genius."
"Simone de Beauvoir"	"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay."
"Simone de Beauvoir"	"Man is defined as a human being and a woman as a female - whenever she behaves as a human being she is said to imitate the male."
"Simone de Beauvoir"	"I tore myself away from the safe comfort of certainties through my love for truth - and truth rewarded me."
"Simone de Beauvoir"	"One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion."
"Simone de Beauvoir"	"No one is more arrogant toward women, more aggressive or scornful, than the man who is anxious about his virility."
"Simone de Beauvoir"	"I am incapable of conceiving infinity, and yet I do not accept finity. I want this adventure that is the context of my life to go on without end."
"Simone de Beauvoir"	"To catch a husband is an art; to hold him is a job."
"Simone de Beauvoir"	"I wish that every human life might be pure transparent freedom."
"Jean Paul Sartre"	"Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does."
"Jean Paul Sartre"	"When the rich wage war it's the poor who die."
"Jean Paul Sartre"	"Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you."
"Jean Paul Sartre"	"Every existing thing is born without reason, prolongs itself out of weakness, and dies by chance."
"Jean Paul Sartre"	"If you are lonely when you are alone, you are in bad company."
"Jean Paul Sartre"	"Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat."
"Jean Paul Sartre"	"Everything has been figured out, except how to live."
"Jean Paul Sartre"	"The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it."
"Jean Paul Sartre"	"The poor don't know that their function in life is to exercise our generosity."
"Jean Paul Sartre"	"Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do."
Aristotle	"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit."
Aristotle	"The whole is more than the sum of its parts."
Aristotle	"It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it."
Aristotle	"Man is by nature a political animal."
Aristotle	"Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence."
Aristotle	"What is a friend? A single soul dwelling in two bodies."
Aristotle	"Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all."
Aristotle	"Happiness depends upon ourselves."
Aristotle	"Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work."
Aristotle	"The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance."
Socrates	"True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing."
Socrates	"Beware the barrenness of a busy life."
Socrates	"When the debate is over, slander becomes the tool of the loser."
Socrates	"Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel."
Socrates	"By all means marry: if you get a good wife, you’ll become happy; if you get a bad one, you’ll become a philosopher."
Socrates	"I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think."
Socrates	"There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance."
Socrates	"He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature."
Socrates	"To find yourself, think for yourself."
Diogenes	"The foundation of every state is the education of its youth."
Diogenes	"Dogs and philosophers do the greatest good and get the fewest rewards."
Diogenes	"We have two ears and one tongue so that we would listen more and talk less."
Diogenes	"Blushing is the color of virtue."
Diogenes	"What I like to drink most is wine that belongs to others."
Diogenes	"As a matter of self-preservation, a man needs good friends or ardent enemies, for the former instruct him and the latter take him to task."
Diogenes	"Man is the most intelligent of the animals - and the most silly."
Diogenes	"Why not whip the teacher when the pupil misbehaves?"
Diogenes	"No man is hurt but by himself."
Diogenes	"I have nothing to ask but that you would remove to the other side, that you may not, by intercepting the sunshine, take from me what you cannot give."
Lacan	"What does it matter how many lovers you have if none of them gives you the universe?"
Lacan	"In other words, the man who is born into existence deals first with language; this is a given. He is even caught in it before his birth."
Lacan	"The knowledge that there is a part of the psychic functions that are out of conscious reach, we did not need to wait for Freud to know this!"
"Carl Jung"	"Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes."
"Carl Jung"	"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves."
"Carl Jung"	"The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed."
"Carl Jung"	"Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people."
"Carl Jung"	"There is no coming to consciousness without pain."
"Carl Jung"	"There can be no transforming of darkness into light and of apathy into movement without emotion."
"Carl Jung"	"As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light of meaning in the darkness of mere being."
"Carl Jung"	"In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order."
"Carl Jung"	"Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism."
"Carl Jung"	"We cannot change anything until we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses."
"Alan Watts"	"The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance."
"Alan Watts"	"Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth."
"Alan Watts"	"I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is."
"Alan Watts"	"No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now."
"Alan Watts"	"You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean."
"Alan Watts"	"But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything."
"Alan Watts"	"Zen does not confuse spirituality with thinking about God while one is peeling potatoes. Zen spirituality is just to peel the potatoes."
"Alan Watts"	"Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command."
"Alan Watts"	"Faith is a state of openness or trust."
"Alan Watts"	"But my dear man, reality is only a Rorschach ink-blot, you know."
"Karl Popper"	"It is impossible to speak in such a way that you cannot be misunderstood."
"Karl Popper"	"Our knowledge can only be finite, while our ignorance must necessarily be infinite."
"Karl Popper"	"No rational argument will have a rational effect on a man who does not want to adopt a rational attitude."
"Karl Popper"	"Those who promise us paradise on earth never produced anything but a hell."
"Karl Popper"	"In so far as a scientific statement speaks about reality, it must be falsifiable; and in so far as it is not falsifiable, it does not speak about reality."
"Karl Popper"	"Science may be described as the art of systematic over-simplification."
"Karl Popper"	"Science must begin with myths, and with the criticism of myths."
"Karl Popper"	"We must plan for freedom, and not only for security, if for no other reason than that only freedom can make security secure."
"Karl Popper"	"Piecemeal social engineering resembles physical engineering in regarding the ends as beyond the province of technology."
"David Hume"	"Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions, and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them."
"David Hume"	"A wise man proportions his belief to the evidence."
"David Hume"	"Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them."
"David Hume"	"The heights of popularity and patriotism are still the beaten road to power and tyranny."
"David Hume"	"Truth springs from argument amongst friends."
"David Hume"	"Generally speaking, the errors in religion are dangerous; those in philosophy only ridiculous."
"David Hume"	"Be a philosopher but, amid all your philosophy be still a man."
"David Hume"	"Custom is the great guide to human life."
"David Hume"	"It is seldom that liberty of any kind is lost all at once."
"David Hume"	"The life of man is of no greater importance to the universe than that of an oyster."
Anscombe	"“It is nonsense to pretend that you do not intend to do what is the means you take to your chosen end. Otherwise there is absolutely no substance to the Pauline teaching that we may not do evil that good may come.” "
Aryadeva	"when selflessness is seen in objects, the seeds of cyclic existence are destroyed"
Aryadeva	"those of little merit would not even have doubts about this doctrine of emptiness. Even suspicion that objects are empty wrecks the seeds of cyclic existence."
Aryadeva	"those who are born only to die and whose nature is to be driven, appear to be in the act of dying and not in the act of living."
Asanga	"Space, whose nature is free of concepts; Encompasses everything; Likewise, the stainless expanse of the mind’s true nature Permeates all beings."
Asanga	"There is nothing to be removed from it and not the slightest to be added. Actual reality is to be seen as it really is — who sees actual reality is released. The basic element is empty of what is adventitious, which has the characteristic of being separable. It is not empty of the unsurpassable dharmas, which have the characteristic of being inseparable."
Hypatia	"Life is an unfoldment, and the further we travel the more truth we can comprehend. To understand the things that are at our door is the best preparation for understanding those that lie beyond."
Hypatia	"All formal dogmatic religions are fallacious and must never be accepted by self-respecting persons as final."
"Homer Simpson"	"I’ve learned that life is one crushing defeat after another until you just wish Flanders was dead."
"Homer Simpson"	"My beer! You never had a chance to become my urine!"
"Homer Simpson"	"A boy without mischief is like a bowling ball without a liquid center"
"Homer Simpson"	"Yes, honey...Just squeeze your rage up into a bitter little ball and release it at an appropriate time, like that day I hit the referee with the whiskey bottle."
"Oswald Spengler"	"“The press today is an army with carefully organized weapons, the journalists its officers, the readers its soldiers. The reader neither knows nor is supposed to know the purposes for which he is used and the role he is to play.” "
"Oswald Spengler"	"“Optimism is cowardice.” "
"Oswald Spengler"	"“Socialism is nothing but the capitalism of the lower classes.” "
"Oswald Spengler"	"“Through money, democracy becomes its own destroyer, after money has destroyed intellect.” "
